# CS-210-Programming-Languages
SNHU CS-210 Programming Languages C++
The purpose of this project is to design a piece of software that can help a business track the items sold in the store on a particular day.  The software must have the ability to read the daily sales list and display the data to the user in a more easily readable way.  The software must also give the user the ability to search for sales figures for a particular item.
Two things come to mind when thinking about what I feel I did particularly well. First, I sorted the list in descending order, this will allow the user to quickly see the items that sold the most stock and the least stock without having to scan the entire list.  Second, I am particularly proud of the histogram code I started using eof to read through the end of the file, but quickly concluded that this would not work, however through my research I was able to correct the code.  Also, I was very surprised at how quickly I was able to get the code to print the histogram as I was putting it off for as long as I could.
I can think of a few places I would change my code to make it more efficient.  First, I would pull the switch case menu selection out of main() and write it as a method to be called. Secondly, in the Python code, I have three instances of the file being opened and read, I would also pull this out and make a separate definition to be called.  As far as making the code more secure I don’t see any clear issues with memory leakage or other potential security issues, but my knowledge of this is still very limited.
The hardest part of this project was not the part I thought it was going to be, the histogram, and was just getting C++ and Python to talk to each other.  For assignment 2 I was able to easily get the two programs to talk to each other and for assignment 6 I used that same file, however for project 3 I wanted to start fresh and this cause me some headaches, but in the end, it was beneficial because I was able to figure it all out and even help out other students who were experiencing the same issues I had previously encountered. 
The skill that I think will be transferable from this project is the ability to code in two different languages at once, while the concepts are mostly universal throughout the syntax is vastly different, which is why I keep my notebook close at hand and Google at the ready when switching between languages.
By keeping most of the code in methods and definitions as well as through commenting through out I believe this project code will be easily read and maintained by other if need be.  Overall I enjoyed this project look forward to learning more about how languages can talk to each other.
